I woke up early in the morning being normal me, not too excited about starting a phase, it's very unusual of to be caught so much excited about things like this. Dressed up and deep down in me, I was wondering when my parents would send the remaining balance for my training, having concluded with them I would carry a part while they, the rest. I was thinking if they could send it earlier before I left home so that I would withdraw it at the nearest bank before going down for work to reduce stress.
I decided to join the family morning devotion where I was asked to lead the family in prayers. After the prayers, I returned to my assigned room wondering if my parents wouldn't send the money on time as promised. I concluded wasn't going to leave the house not until they send the money to me. I called home but it looked like there was misunderstanding about how the money would be paid. Though I knew dad was going to send it me, I only hastened him up by sending a warm message to him. I was served porridge and ate before leaving home. I left even when the money hadn't entered because dad already called to asked if my already known account number was still valid and active. I left and less than 10 minutes after that, I got a call the money had been delivered. 
I headed straight to the bank to cash out and took a bike to the nearest garage.
Garage was filled up with people who were also preparing to go to work. 
I needed to top up my transport card so I went ahead, at the expense of missing the the first bus assigned for my destination. On returning from top up stand, no more bus to convey me and the people we were heading to the same place. We decided to wait and expect our bus, but nothing was really coming forth, our destinations were being attended to but ours.
The first hour gone, we were still waiting. Two women out of complaint and gaining stability lost control and fell down, the other woman being a fat woman, fell flat on the ground. I could control my laughter at the onset but I couldn't after all. I had to cover my face and turn a bit from them to express my feelings. Second hour gone, we were still waiting for a bus to be assigned to us. Finally, we got a bus assigned to us, we tapped at the amount of #600 and there, Yaba we go.
We landed safely and straight I went to my place of work, Nigeria institute of Medical Research.
I knew where to go because I have been there before, so I went up straight where I got my IT acceptance letter, from there I was ushered to another office where I received information on how to make payment and complete my registration.
I proceeded to the office where I got the company's account number and was directed to pay in the money in bank. I got to bank to do transfer only for me to know I can't deposit into remita like that, I had to do transfer from my bank to the platform. I refilled the form and got the payment made. Thanks to my roommate, Ajayi Oluwadamilare, who I called to send me data to access my account number from my email. I didn't know the number offhand. I left the bank to NIMR accounting department again to confirm the payment I made. I was asked to take my acceptance letter and prove of payment to the HOD of my department, MICROBIOLOGY. I got to the office, didn't her secretary but waiting for her at the conference room. The secretary directed me to Mr Peter who would do the posting for us. He asked me to do 3 photocopies each of the print outs I has with me. Returning to him, he posted me to CTGR where I was to spend 2 months. I met a director who welcomed me, and showed me different places(labs), the time book, and where I was to report the following day. He gave me a cup to bring specimen(catarrh) along the following day, "Work has started", he said.
After showing all he needed to show me like data lab, safety lab, observation center and the likes, I was told to resume early the following day.
I met few colleagues from my school with whom I exchanged greetings and chatted for some minutes.
I took off to home, trekked some distance to get a bus going to the nearest junction home. Dropped from the bus and took the last bike home.
